 Project-ZS                                        http://darkone.mgclan.net/
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

	1.	General info over Project-ZS

	1.1	What is Project-ZS
	1.2	Team behind Project-ZS
	1.3	Nothing worth reading

	2.	Techincal info 

	2.1	Supported operating systems
	2.2	Supported ftp daemons

	3.	Manual / Installation

	3.1	Understanding how it works
	3.2	First step, zsconfig.h
	3.3	Almost ready, compile and copy
	3.4	All done? glftpd.conf

	4.	Contact info

	4.1	Bug reports
	4.2	Bribes & gifts


















------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 1.1 What is Project-ZS?

Project-ZS is an open source zipscript project. It is used as post upload file
integrity checker. Project-ZS, also known as 'zipscript-c', is the most
feature packed zipscript ever introduced to public and believe or not, it's 
the fastest! While other zipscripts offer somewhat fixed style output, P-ZS is 
fully customizable. This unique ability is done by using 'cookie'-system.
Those few things you cannot change through config, you can change from the
source.




 1.2 Team behind Project-ZS

Project-ZS was originally designed by Dark0n3, but most of the ideas came from
various siteops. Zipscript package also includes scripts from other scripters
such as unkie and NiDO & ezboner. also, current work is done by daxxar ;)

unkie		(pre_check)
WWW:		http://unkie.mgclan.net 

NiDO/ezboner	(getnfo)
WWW:		http://www.xeptic.net/getnfo/)


 1.3 Read me now...

I'd like to thank all the people that have been supporting me during last few
years and who have shared late hours watching sitebot floods on various
channels - you know who you are!

















------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 2.1 Supported operating systems:

 - Linux / any distro
 - FreeBSD
 - AIX

 Note that support is only provided for FreeBSD and Linux!



 2.2 Supported ftp daemons:

 - glftpd
 + openftpd

 Openftpd support is not currently implemented in the public source.

























------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 3.1 Understanding how it works

Zipscript is a script / program that checks file integrity after upload based
on file type. RARs/MP3s/M2Vs etc are checked using 32bit crc which is usually
calculated by ftp daemon, this crc is compared to crc stored in sfv. If check
fails, file is to be deleted. ZIPs are checked using zip integrity test.

Most of the zipscripts log different kinds of things while running to a log
that sitebot script parses. This log brings sitebot to life. 'Botscript' has
nothing to do with zipscript, so it's important to get the zipscript work
properly before configuring the sitebot. Setting up both at the same time
(if you dont know what you're doing) is not recomended.





 3.2 First step

Good, you got this far. It proves you can set this thing up (it's as easy as
untarring if you follow the directions). zsconfig.h is the heart of zipscript
config, screw up here shows everywhere and makes you look lame :p 

Before touching the config you might want to look COOKIES file. It contains 
all cookies available - printing this file isnt a bad idea. Try to understand
how they work or you will have lots of difficulties when customizing the
output. When you think you have enough 'know how', you can open the zsconfig.h
with your favorite text editor.

zsconfig.h is located in: ./zipscript/conf/zsconfig.h





 3.2 Almost ready

After you have double checked everything you need to run 'configure' and make.
You can use 'make install', if your glftpd is located in '/glftpd'. Otherwise
you need to copy binaries manually to your glftpd's bin dir, make your
glftpd.log writable for everyone (chmod +666 /glftpd/ftp-data/logs/glftpd.log),
create the zipdatadir 'mkdir -m777 /glftpd/ftp-data/zipscript' (default).

binaries are located in: ./zipscript/bin/





 3.3 All done?

Well almost, you have still one minor task to do. You need to make glftpd use
the script. It's done by adding following lines to glftpd.conf

calc_crc	*.[mM][pP]3 *.[zZ][iI][pP] *.[rR][aA][rR] *.[rRsS0-9][0-9][0-9]
post_check	/bin/zipscript-c	*
cscript		DELE	post	/bin/postdel

That's it, you now have zipscript properly set up. Enjoy and make yourself
ready for next update :)

 ! Installation procedure of sitebot is documented in: ./sitebot/README !











------------------------------------------------------------------------------



 4.1 Bug reports/Feature requests

All bug reports and feature requests should be done via IRC or WWW, no email.
Before reporting a bug, make sure it isnt caused buggy user.

www: http://darkone.mgclan.net/
irc: dark0n3 (efnet)

also, you can try to contact the current "maintainer" (self-appointed;)

mail: daxxar [at] mental.mine.nu
irc:  daxxar (efnet)



 4.2 Bribes & Gifts

All bribes and gifts are accepted as long as they are worth > 1euro.





















<eof>
